what's up guys today's video we're gonna
be playing some a soaker kitchen - let
me find the King James and he took her
kitchen - great
let's get started plain you guys come
here
- all right to choose target all right
let's get some steak out first
I'm gonna cook the steak first inner
tube I guess really so we get to fry
stuff sounds fun I'm gonna put some
lemons on this thing some peppers and
some salt
no soy sauce no I know what it is no
ketchup or know any of that thing
all right let's get some bread soup so
spaghetti and let's get some water
bonsoir
okay so let's cut this melon it sting
all right split - Simone bam bam
then put that one alright so just put it
on the plate
oh shoot alright this this is good now
let's put the bridge please giddy now I
want to toast the bread up so I'm gonna
just I'm just gonna toast it a little
bit like that then I'm gonna fry ups I
know you know fry up spaghetti but let's
just fry it up with some peppers I don't
on just putting red and stuffing I know
right up
okay so let's oh yeah let's get reduce
I'm give her strawberries oh my she eat
it I'm gonna give her strawberries with
tomatoes keeps bread subsidiaries mmm
eight eight eight eight
all right she's done eating all soda
drink there you go that's good right
you know I'm gonna feed her all right
that is in this video look you guys did
enjoy it thank you to like subscribe and
I'll see you guys next video